Another clean up for global.mtls.enable (#6611)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/shared-vpn/index.md

    $ kubectl create secret generic cacerts -n istio-system --from-file=samples/certs/ca-cert.pem --from-file=samples/certs/ca-key.pem --from-file=samples/certs/root-cert.pem --from-file=samples/certs/cert-chain.pem
    {{< /text >}}

> 1. Deploy the Istio control plane with security enabled for the control plane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Istio control plane with its security features enabled:
```

   in the [setting environment variables section](#environment-var).

1. The following command deploys the remote cluster's components with security

>    enabled for the control plane and enables the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   features for the control plane enabled, and enables the
```
